test1:
Alpha Blah blah blah I say.
Beta Har de har.


MEETA:
Mel: Holy cow! What was that?!
Mel: Can anybody hear me? Oh, this looks bad.
Mel: I'd better see if there's anyone else out there....

MEETB:
Scamp: Hey over here!
Scamp: Scamp here. Glad to see someone else made it.
Mel: I'm Mel. Are you all right?
Scamp: Yeah but I'm going to need a long nap in a warm hole after this is over.
Mel: Have you seen anybody else? Or heard anything?
Scamp: You know, I thought I heard a signal, but it faded. We should just keep looking.

CHAT1:
Scamp: So what happened here? Do you know?
Mel: No I've never seen anything like it. This whole area turned to a wasteland, just like that.
Scamp: Someone's going to pay for what they've done here.
 
MEETC:
Ignatius: Ah, looks like I'm the not the only one who didn't die. How satisfactory.
Ignatius: Greetings. My name is Ignatius.
Mel: Scamp! Another survivor! What would you say to teaming up, Ignatius? We can cover more ground and keep looking for others.
Scamp: I recommend we stay in radio contact if we get separated.
Ignatius: Yes, that seems like a reasonable course of action.

CHAT2:
Ignatius: What could have happened here? A meteorite? A volcano? Maybe a meteorite volcano?
Ignatius: Killer worms?
Scamp: This is no natural disaster. Someone is to blame.
Mel: You don't suppose it could be the Seeker superweapon?
Scamp: No way! Those are just rumors! Anyway, the Seekers couldn't have done this. Must have been someone else...
Ignatius: I wouldn't rule anything out at this point!  Just think: a volcano made of killer worms!

X1:
Mel: Wow. What is that?
Ignatius: I don't know, but it looks scary.
Scamp: I can honestly say I've never seen anything like it before.
Mel: There are symbols there. I recognize them from somewhere.
Mel: That's it! They were in an encoded message put out by the Seekers last year.
Ignatius: Hey, that seems like something you would know, Scamp. You are a Seeker, after all.
Scamp: What?! How... how did you know that?
Ignatius: Just a suspicion. Until you gave yourself away just now.
Scamp: Very clever. Yes, this looks like something the Seekers made, but I did not have anything to do with it.

MEETD:
Ruby: Ahhhh!
Ignatius: We mean you no harm.
Ruby: Ahhhh!
Ignatius: If you are friendly, please join us.
Ruby: Ahhh!... wait, you mean you're not going to kill me and steal my ship?
Ruby: What a relief!  I was so certain that if anyone was still alive, they would be bloodthirsty pirates.
Ruby: I mean, pirates are okay, as long as they aren't bloodthirsty!
Ruby: And yes, I'm very friendly to nice pirates. My name is Ruby, and I'd love to join you, just please don't kill me!
Mel: We're not pirates!

MEETE:
Hallan: Hello! My name is Hallan. Can you hear me?
Mel: Yes! We're--
Hallan: What a relief! More survivors! Look, I don't want to alarm you, but something very uncool has happened here. Got room for one more?
Mel: Uh... of course, Hallan. I'm sure we could use your help.

MEETF:
Pax: Well well well, what took you so long?
Mel: You knew we were coming?
Pax: No, but I knew someone would look for me eventually. I'm very resourceful, you know.
Scamp: So you know who was behind the attack?
Pax: Well, no. But trust me, you want me around.
Scamp: Oh.

CHATD:
Ruby: You know what I don't see?
Ignatius: What?
Ruby: Dead people. Why aren't there any bodies anywhere?
Ruby: Maybe they were vaporized! Or eaten.... Is that a weird thing to say?

CHATE:
Hallan: This place is such a bummer.
Hallan: My favorite sushi restaurant is right around here. I don't even see it anymore.
Hallan: What happened?

CHATF:
Mel: So much desolation. So many lives lost....  
Pax: What do you have to say for yourself, Scamp?
Scamp: I'm telling you, the Seekers were not behind this!
Pax: Sorry I don't trust the word of a member of an underground movement bent on destroying the world!
Scamp: We're about progress, not destruction.
Pax: But if the future isn't coming fast enough for you, you decide to make it happen, no matter what that takes?
Mel: Come on now! We can't turn against each other now!

X2:
ifF:Pax: Don't you think it's time you came clean about that tower, Scamp?
nfF:Hallan: Come off it, Scamp. we know you know about the tower. We're all in this together now. When are you going to fill us in?
Scamp: OK, fine! It's a device developed by Seeker scientists in secret over the last several years.
Scamp: Most of us in the movement didn't even know much about it. Just called it the Gateway.
Scamp: All we were told is that the Gateway is the key to achieving our goals. I never knew what it did until now.
Mel: So what is it?
ifF:Pax: A bomb, right?
ifD:Ruby: Poison?
ifE:Hallan: A mind-control device?
Ignatius: A drill to the center of the planet?
Scamp: No. It's the gateway to the future. It's a time machine.
ifD:Ruby: What?! So this thing went off and sent everyone to some other time?
nfD:Pax: What?! So this thing went off and sent everyone to some other time?
Scamp: Not everyone. Just us. We're in the future now.
Ignatius: Of course! Why didn't I think of it sooner? According to stellar drift, we must have travelled... over 100 years?!
ifF:Pax: What kind of future do you call this? Everyone's dead.
Mel: Something terrible must have happened after we left. If only we could go back....
Scamp: But I think we can. Using the Gateway!

X3:
ifF:Pax: That doesn't look like any time machine I ever saw.
ifE:Hallan: This thing can really send us back in time? 
ifD:Ruby: Well what are we waiting for? Where's the on switch??
Scamp: According to the inscription, there's a startup sequence. We'll need to keep the outer towers charged.
Ignatius: I calculate that if at least three of the five towers remain charged for the entire cycle, a sufficient time charge will build up to open a time portal.
Mel: Let's do this!

X4:
Ignatius: The charge cycle is complete!
Scamp: Okay, the time charge needs to be transferred to the discharge station to the west.
Mel: We need to form a bridge! Time to work together.
ifD:Ruby: Let's hope this works!

X5:
Ignatius: Charge cycle complete! The time portal is opening!
Scamp: See you all in the past!
ifD:Ruby: I can't wait to get out of here... I mean, out of now.
ifE:Hallan: So long future. You won't be missed.
Mel: We'll just have to make sure this is a future that never happens.
ifF:Pax: We can make another future, working together.

