intro1:
K Beginning approach to the Charybdis anomaly. I've got time for one last systems check.

intro2:
K Navigation looks good. Checking teleporters....

intro3:
K It's important to remember, once I'm inside the horizon, only data can move upward.
K I won't be able to fly any ships upward, only left, right, and down. The only way to get back up will be to teleport.

intro4:
K Here we go.

convo2:
K I'm below the Charybdis horizon. Besnik, you've got to see this place.
B Copy that, Kendry. I'll stay up here if it's all the same to you.
B We've got shipyards orbiting just outside the horizon. We'll keep a steady supply of empty ships coming down for you.
B When you're onboard a Survey ship, you can activate it to pull up a map.
K You know you'll never get these ships back out, right? Are you sure it's okay to send so many in like this?
B Ships are cheap. Finding the data cores is all that matters. Let me tell you, all of us outside are rooting for you. Good luck, you brave idiot.
K What's the matter, Besnik? Never teleported before?
B A few times, when I've had to. But I've never met anyone who liked getting converted into data and beamed across space.

convo3:
K I think I'm getting close to one of the cores.
B Great. Activate a detector right next to it so we can lock in on it.

convo4:
K Core location confirmed.
B Okay. The connection's good! The data's already on its way up. Great work, Kendry.
B Just two more to go, then we can get out of here.

convo5:
B By the way, you should know that every ship is equipped with a single-use emergency transmitter.
B You can use it at any time and teleport all the way back to the mothership. It'll also save your game.
B But that ship's battery will completely drain. It won't even have enough power left for life support or station keeping.
K So only use it when I'm sure I'm done with a ship, got it.
B It'll also activate automatically if your ship is destroyed. So you don't need to worry about dying down there... probably.

distress:
C Repeat... this is an automated distress call. Ship in distress. Please respond.

convo7:
K Core number two located. Time to look for the last one.

convo8:
B That's all three! Let's get out of here.
K Besnik, wait. I heard a distress call.
B What? What are you talking about? We didn't receive any distress call.
K It was only when I went far down enough. That means it's coming from inside Charybdis.
B Uh-huh. And let me guess. You want to go after it.
B Kendry, even if there is something giving off a signal, there's no way anyone's alive down there.
K I've got to find out. I just don't know how far I can make it without taking damage.
B ...all right. I'll have the shipyard start putting out heavy ships. That should get you a little farther. But be careful!

convo9:
E FREE
B Kendry, do you read me? I repeat, Kendry, are you there? Come in Kendry!
K I'm here! I'm here. What happened?
B You weren't on your ship, or any other ship we could see. Where were you?
K I'm not sure. It's almost as if something was coming for me. There was a... convergence.
B If it happens again, activate a detector at the convergence point. If there's something there, we'll find it.

convo10:
K Unidentified ship, do you read me? I'm Kendry. I'm here to rescue you.
A Wow, it's my lucky day! I never thought I'd see another person again.
A But... rescue me? Aren't we trapped here?
K I have a teleporter that can convert you to data and bring you outside, beyond the horizon.
A But how is that possible? I thought even light couldn't escape a black hole.
K It's not light. We don't use electromagnetic radiation to transmit the data....
K and did you call it a black hole? They haven't been called that in a long time. How long have you been here?

convo11:
B Almana, right? Welcome back. I bet you never thought you'd see this side of the horizon again.
B I found a record of your mission. Do you have any idea how long you've been missing?
A Time... I stopped counting time. I've almost forgotten what it even means.
B Ooookay....
B So Kendry, you ready to come back up? You're a straight-up hero, you know that? Rescuing someone from the Charybdis anomaly....
K I don't know, I'm starting to like it down here. Anyway, I need to find out what that thing was.
K Just imagine what we could learn about the anomaly if we understood it....
B I don't know. We've finished our mission. You really want us to stick around here?  This isn't exactly the nicest place to be.
A Don't you think we owe her?
B All right.  But if something goes wrong, and you don't make it back up, I don't want your data patterns haunting me for the rest of my life.

convo12:
A Kendry, do you ever wonder, when you teleport, do you really come out as the same person?
A Or are you someone completely new, who just has the same memories?
K Ha, back in your time, I suppose that was a good question to ask. But no, nobody thinks like that anymore.
K See, the data we use in teleportation isn't digital. It's a membrane reflection based on the holographic principle.
K Your data pattern is already stored at the edge of the universe. We just access it.
K It's really just another way of viewing reality, just one that's easier to move around.
A You've really thought this through.
B *laughter* Nobody cares about what it means to be data more than Kendry does.

convo13:
K Besnik, are you seeing this?
B Yeah, and I don't like it.
K It's amazing. What do you think it is?
B Whatever it is, it's completely foreign. I mean it - we've got sensors for everything. This thing's off the charts for things I didn't even know we had charts for.
B Anyway, leave the detector there. We're getting a lot of good data from it.
B We may be able to use it to build ships that can travel through the anomaly even better.
K I think this is not the only one. I'm going to keep looking.

convo14:
K I'm getting close to the data horizon!
B Kendry! You shouldn't be down that far! If you were to pass the data horizon, there's no teleporting out.
K I know, but nobody has ever been this close! Where's your sense of adventure?
B Never being seen or heard from again? Not my idea of fun.
B Just to be safe, your ship will send you back if you get too close!
K Aww...

echo1:
E DATA DATA DATA

echo2:
E FREE YOURSELF

echo3:
E BECOME

echo4:
K I'm trying!

echo5:
K Who are you?!
E DESCEND. YOU WILL BE UNHARMED.

convo15:
K Besnik, I've got to go down. I've got to go through the data horizon.
B What? Are you, crazy? Absolutely not. You've been down there too long. You're starting to sound like Almana.
K What if I put some detectors just outside the data horizon? You should be able to follow me through a little of the way.
B Yeah, a little. One wrong move and you go too deep, and it's all over.
K I can do this! You have to trust me! It's the only way to know!
B Know what?!
K It's the only way....

convo16:
E WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD
B Kendry no!

