Everything you need *should* be covered in the game. But I ran out of time to really test the
tutorial. So if you get stuck, read here.

The game consists of two basic modes: traveling through space and outfitting your capsule. Your
capsule has a limited number of power supplies (starting at one). You can use conduits to attach
multiple modules to a single supply, but only one can be active at a time. Activating any module
will deactivate any other modules on the same supply.


TRAVELING THROUGH SPACE

A module must be activated in order to be useful. You can activate modules by clicking on their
blue buttons in the upper-right. Any modules on the same power supply will be deactivated when you
do this.

For the most part, you can travel across anything - there's no collisions. You can't travel over
stars without the heat shield, and you can't travel into the Oort without the deflector.


MODULES

engine/turbo/hyperdrive: Lets you move from place to place. Click on the main screen where you want
to go.

drill: Lets you extract 1 Spacebuck from a passing asteroid. You have to be right on top of the
asteroid for this to work.

laser: Your weapon. Has a longer range and faster recharge than the red drones' lasers.

scope: Use this while on a planet (or a star if you have the heat shield) to add it to your map.
You also get some Spacebucks for each planet or star surveyed.

heat shield: Lets you travel across stars.

deflector: Lets you travel into the Oort (the green surrounding area).


OUTFIT CAPSULE

When you reach the Exelu, you can use its repair bay to outfit your capsule. You can have up to one
of each module you've unlocked.

When modules are hooked up to power supplies, they are brighter.

Each of the six conduit types can be bought for Spacebucks by clicking on the blue button beneath
each one. The number available is shown on the button.

To rotate a conduit, click on it multiple times before deciding where you want to place it.

To remove a conduit or module from the ship and put it back in your inventory, click on it.

Don't worry about misplacing things, you can rearrange them however you like. However, you can't
sell back conduits or modules once you've bought them into your inventory.

You can't depart from the repair bay if you don't have one of engine/turbo/hyperdrive hooked up.


STRATEGY/WALKTHROUGH

Your first objective is to reach the Exelu. Hook up your drill and go out and collect at least 3
Spacebucks. Return to the Exelu, lose the drill, and equip a laser. Go out and collect at least 20
Spacebucks from shooting red drones. Return to the Exelu, lose the laser for now, and equip a scope.
Go survey some planets until you have at least 50 Spacebucks. Go meet the Baroness and then return
to the Exelu. Equip the laser again and then go fight the first boss at the supply ship. It should
be pretty easy.

Once you have the second supply, continue surveying. Save up for a turbo and/or a heat shield.
Surveying stars is more lucrative. Some combination of turbo, laser, and scope works pretty well to
keep you safe while surveying planets. But when you get to stars, you need to remember to put your
heat shield on one supply, and your turbo and scope on the other. Hold off on the deflector for now.
Once you get $200 you can talk to the Baroness again, then fight the second boss, who is again
pretty easy.

If you haven't been surveying stars, you need to start. Get a deflector as well so you can run
surveys in the Oort. To do this you'll need a heat shield on its own supply, a deflector on its own
supply, and a hyperdrive (or turbo) and scope on the third supply. When the Baroness gives you her
final news, look to the south. After surveying the forgotten Angel, the game will be over.



